how to get verified on Instagram in 2023
first of all let me just set your
expectations right from the start and I
know this isn't what you want to hear
but unfortunately you probably won't be
verified it's extremely rare and
extremely difficult to be verified on
Instagram and I think that's for a good
reason having a blue check mark next to
your name and being verified on
Instagram provides social proof it
provides credibility and it also is an
effective way to help deter people from
creating fake impersonator accounts and
so if suddenly it was super easy to get
verified kind of like it is on Twitter
then there would be tons of impersonator
accounts there would be tons of fake
accounts tons of fake profiles and it
would really diminish the value of the
verified check mark to begin with I
myself am verified on Instagram but I'm
going to be real honest with you I'm not
verified because of what I do for a
living most people now know me because
I'm a social media growth coach and I
help people grow and make more money on
Instagram and on social media more
broadly but that's not why I'm verified
on Instagram I'm verified on Instagram
because I was a college football player
I got my blue check mark during my
college football days when my name was
appearing in articles so it's really
tough to get verified it's not something
that you can purchase on Instagram like
it is on Twitter but there are a few
things that Instagram has said that they
look for in order to verify you and here
they are the first thing Instagram says
is that you have to be authentic and
what they say is you have to represent a
real person or a registered business or
entity I think that's probably the
easiest box to check off most of us are
real people unless there's any robots
watching and most of us do have a
legitimate registered business but it is
something to note if you just started a
brand new business and you haven't
formally trademarked the name you
haven't filed for incorporation yet then
it might be harder to get verified the
second thing that Instagram looks for is
uniqueness and Instagram says that
they're looking for an account that
represents the unique presence of a
person or a business only one account
per person or business may be verified
with some rare exceptions for language
specific accounts so if you had a
profile that existed in English and
Spanish both of those could be verified
we do not verify general interest
accounts such as at puppy memes so if
you just have a popular account that
posts about one topic also known as a
feature account it kind of features
different content all relating to one
kind of category those accounts probably
won't be verified the third thing that
Instagram looks for is completeness and
what they say here is that your account
must be a public account it must have a
bio a profile photo and be active when
you apply now they don't specify what
they mean by active but we can assume
that it means regularly or at least
routinely posting on Instagram engaging
with comments and being active in the
direct messages and Instagram stories as
well and then the fourth criteria to hit
and this is the one that trips most
people up is you have to be notable and
what they say is that your account must
represent a well-known highly searched
for person brand or entity we review
accounts that are featured in multiple
news sources and we don't consider paid
or sponsored media as one of those
source sources for review so this is
what trips up most people most of us are
real people with a unique profile that
is complete but not very many people are
notable in this way Instagram is not
just looking for your local newspaper or
your city's magazine that happened to
write an article about you one time and
they're also not looking for those pay
to write about me type of services
they're looking for legitimate popular
online news articles that contain your
name like we're talking the big
newspapers the New York Times The
Washington Post we're talking big online
articles and big online Publications
that put out massive amounts of news and
have a huge following that's what
Instagram is looking for and I should
say that Instagram isn't even
necessarily looking for these things
unless you apply to be verified some
very few select people will be verified
without having to apply but for most
people who are verified they had to
apply for it in the first case in order
to apply to be verified you can just go
to your Instagram settings and in the
account tab there is a verification
button where you can request to be
verified part of requesting to be
verified is uploading documents that
prove that you are you you are a real
person and uploading links to those
Publications which again Instagram wants
big news sources they want these new
sources that specifically say your name
they want uh big newspapers big articles
big Publications to prove that you are
someone who is worth verifying I believe
they only ask for two of these
Publications but if you can provide
three or four or even more the more the
better and then once you submit
verification there's nothing else you
can really do besides sit back and wait
I do want to warn you that there are
lots of services online that advertise
that they'll get you verified and some
of these Services even offer it for ten
thousand dollars I've seen twenty
thousand dollars they guarantee they'll
get you verified but essentially what
these services are doing is they are
using that money to get you featured in
inorganic inauthentic ways in some
pseudo big name Publications big name
Publications that aren't very Trust
worthy and then they use those
Publications they use those articles to
say hey Instagram look this person is
verifiable but to be totally honest with
you most of these are scams most of
these are just ways to get your money
and even the most legit verification
business isn't one that I would trust
because as Instagram has said you can't
purchase verification and unless you are
hiring someone who works at Instagram to
be a little bit Sleazy and verify you so
don't waste your money don't waste your
time trying to hire a service to get you
verified if you are someone who deserves
to be verified after watching this video
today then collect some of those
articles collect the links to some of
those Publications and submit your claim
to be verified best of luck and of
course I want to wish you good luck if
you haven't already please consider
pressing the Subscribe button it really
helps me grow my channel and press the
like button as well as it helps the
YouTube algorithm recommend my videos to
more people